c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Library.dll.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Library.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Library.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.OData.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.OData.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\obj\Debug\Library.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication6\Library\obj\Debug\Library.pdb
